hey guys it's soldier girl this is gonna
be my the unboxing of my 411 my CS 411
from our jerk rosettes and I'm pretty
stoked because it took forever literally
it came when it was supposed to be here
but um for some reason it was sent back
to cinder and they had to resend it so
it barely came today and I was like so
excited when I saw the Box on the camera
different boxes header for this time
around shaped like this and opened it
because something for him um it's it's
got the basic things in there your
invoice thank you card with a with a ten
percent code and basically you don't
another same old same old all right so
one thing I did notice is that it's a
lot lighter than the UM then the 426 um
granted the smaller the corset the liars
gonna be like I so I'm really excited to
umm to get this one um warmed up I'm
gonna just open it up so that you guys
can see this reminds me of a chimichanga
oh my god or a bow it looks short I'm
hoping is not too short um but I know
it's gonna provide more range of motion
because it's not as not as long and it's
not he's not as long and so um compared
to the other one it only has um four of
the class in the front and this one is
in satin this time I decided get satin
I'm gonna probably try to start pairing
it with different clothes so that way um
I can wear me out ok now I'm going to
come on it before 26 and the 426 cs4 26
long line underbust corset it's in
cotton and it has 5 claps in the front
and compared in comparison to the one
that has only 4 um as far as the size
difference it's this
this is the difference right here that's
a dramatic difference right there yes
baby Oh downstairs and I and I was
looking from you know that thing at it
and we used to have and it go on and off
and they flicker off and on for
Christmas me follow me yeah the last
place I saw it was in the closet
downstairs and you're not supposed to
look in there see I was looking for it
then well soon as I saw us close the bag
okay thank you let me finish room wicked
you know I forget stuff a lot okay so
this is a difference you guys between
the for the cs4 11 and the cs4 26 long
line under bus that's the difference you
guys right there big big difference not
so excited because I'm looking forward
to having more range of motion um so
yeah I'm gonna try it on and so you guys
are going to see what it looks like in
the nest in the next to it so he's
wanted to looking like I am so excited
you guys look at this now it's not even
nearly close in the back obviously I
need to season it first and that's going
to take the first two weeks no more than
two hours per day now while I'm
seasoning this one I am going to go
ahead and wear my 26 um what I'm not
wearing this one so I wear this one for
two hours a day and i'll wear that one
for the remainder I'm just so that I
stay us within that size at least now I
haven't worn the 26 in the last at least
three days I did check our measurements
yesterday i'm a 27 and a half which is
cool because I'm where I need to be um
and again this is a 22 so the things
that I like about it you guys is that it
is shorter and it provides so much more
range of motion I don't feel like when I
sit down it's silly it's poking me my
freaking sighs all right spoken me and
my stuff you know I don't feel like our
in our even the fact that it's shorter I
don't have to wear my pants over it I
can
my pants under it and still be able to
sit down and use the restroom or
whatever not feel like I have to go
through a bunch of the alphabets just to
do it um what else look gosh i love it
you guys I absolutely do I um I went
through orchard process again like I
said I've gone with him because a lot of
the reviews I saw on YouTube had gone
there and they all had good experiences
I did have to call when my package
wasn't here in time customer service is
was amazing um what else I have gotten
it if they actually priority mailed it
once they did get into a good did come
pretty fast um I am not being paid to
say this you guys I mean I can't pay to
say all these you know talk so positive
and highly of the company I decided that
I wanted to force a train because it was
something I want I wanted to be able to
see if it worked or not and i had seen
reviews and stuff but it wasn't even
anybody really that was doing it on a
consistent a level that i could say okay
it worked or not and so I thought okay
if I do this is a major investment off
the back you guys cuz these courses can
get pretty pretty expensive the first
one cost me 73 after shipping this one
cough me and its own shipping I am not
getting paid to say that you guys it's
an investment and yes it can be
time-consuming I know I know that people
say that oh it's a slow it's a slow
process process and I do feel to a
degree it is a slow process because you
have to wear it early for mostly your
day you wearing your corset um but for
me it went really really fast you guys I
like was back by the time i did my month
update i was already down like three
inches are i was already closed my
course it was completely closed and so
with that said you guys honestly i can
honestly say without beyond a shadow of
doubt without beyond a shadow of a doubt
why is it that corset training does work
okay now keep in mind with exercise and
diet yes it does work I don't know how
it would work if you're not exercising
you're not eating right but I know that
for me exercise diet and for sitting is
perfect you guys um last night's check I
was down four inches I'm down I was
it off at 11 and a hat 31 and a half i'm
sorry and not ended up with 27 it
happened now mr. 22 and so I'm excited
you guys about the next several several
weeks just to get this one season and
starts tension in a little bit more um
other than that you guys have you guys
have any other questions definitely
within the comment section and I will
leave it there and I'll this is actually
will say this is week six update alright
and then I'll see you guys at the end of
week um 7 update war I can honestly say
that I've started to wear it more often
all right leave it there dip it in time